## 2025-11-21-01-Corra-Tarot.md


## Characters:  Callisto (Jonathan) and Corra Voss (Jeremy)
 - Callisto is seeking an adult man for adoption by Draupada to be tasked with the assassination of Drona.
 - Aldric is a personal bodyguard for Eelara Keene, the bard, and Aldra Vey; Archivist/Divination Wizard.  
 - 

## Curiosity:
Eight Coins Tattoo Tarot deck is used, which has several extra cards. Jeremy chooses which "Star" card to include in the final deck, while Ben chooses which "10 of cups" card to include in final deck.  During their respective draws, after thorough shuffling, Jeremy draws the star, and Ben draws the 10 of cups.  (Black & White "3 of cups" was sent to Piers Anthony as part of a gift.  Black and White 9 of wands was pulled out.)

## Deck
 - Corra is handed the same deck that Aldric used, including Major Arcana 0-13 + 17 (The Star).  

## Question:  Should Corra Voss be adopted by Draupada 

Callisto explains first, the shuffle.  "You can either choose to align the cards all top to bottom ahead of time, or you can shuffle with alternating them.  If you align the cards, you may choose whether the reading is about the elementals Earth (Sensing), Air (Perceiving), Water (Feeling), and Fire (Extraverted Charisma), of if you would prefer the containment version:  Pentacles (Symbolic Intuition), Swords (Judgment), Cups (Thinking), and Wands (Intraverted Charisma).  This categorization echoes the Jungian and Myers Briggs conceptualization about personality types, and makes it so the "reverse" of suit-cards all have positive interpretations.

Corra shuffles the cards, and decides to face them towards himself. 

## Present:  Queen of Pentacles
Callisto:  The first card is your **present**.  Corra draws "The Star"  Don't lose hope in the darkness.  Find a star and make a wish.  Have faith in yourself and the world you've built for yourself.  


## Past
The next card is your **Past**.  Corra draws the King of Wands.  This is the King of Intraverted Charisma.  Having attained a leadership within.

## Future
The next card is you **Future**.  Corra draws the King of Swords.  This is a leadership in judgment.  While Aldric's "Future" card seemed to suggest that inaction may be the wisest course, this card suggests a royal and decisive action.

## Reason behind question
The next card is your reason behind the question.  Corra draws the 6 of swords.  This is community/new normal in judgment.  When the decision occurs it will put Corra in a new community, and a new normal.

## Potential behind question
The last card of our set is the potential in the question.  Page of Wands (Reversed) = Page of Fire.  The King of intraversion will become the student of extraversion.  