## 2025-11-21-03-Lys-Tarot.md


## Characters:  Callisto (Jonathan) and Lys Whisper (Jeremy)
 - Having introduced Callisto to Corra, Elara, and Aldra, Lys waits nearby to hear the results of their interviews.  After the interviews are finished, Callisto asks Lys if he has any burning questions for augury through Tarot.  
 - Lys wants to ask if his role should remain in smuggling, or if he ought to seek out a change
 - 

## Curiosity:
Eight Coins Tattoo Tarot deck is used, which has several extra cards. Jeremy chooses which "Star" card to include in the final deck, while Ben chooses which "10 of cups" card to include in final deck.  During their respective draws, after thorough shuffling, Jeremy draws the star, and Ben draws the 10 of cups.  (Black & White "3 of cups" was sent to Piers Anthony as part of a gift.  Black and White 9 of wands was pulled out.)

## Deck
 - Full deck, including Major Arcana 0-21.  "Heritics" canonical Card 22 (undefined) and Card 23 (The Tree) not implemented.

## Question:  Should Corra Voss be adopted by Draupada 

Callisto explains first, the shuffle.  "You can either choose to align the cards all top to bottom ahead of time, or you can shuffle with alternating them.  If you align the cards, you may choose whether the reading is about the elementals Earth (Sensing), Air (Perceiving), Water (Feeling), and Fire (Extraverted Charisma), of if you would prefer the containment version:  Pentacles (Symbolic Intuition), Swords (Judgment), Cups (Thinking), and Wands (Intraverted Charisma).  This categorization echoes the Jungian and Myers Briggs conceptualization about personality types, and makes it so the "reverse" of suit-cards all have positive interpretations.

Lys Whisper shuffles the cards, and decides which way to face them.

## Present:  The first card is your **present**.  
Lys Whisper draws the 8 of wands.  "This is the speed ans power of intraverted Charisma.  This represents your quietness and secrecy in your delivery of packages, and getting things in and out without being noticed."


## Past The next card is your **Past**.  
Lys Whisper draws the Ace of Earth.  "This represents your extraordinary familiarity with the area.  All of your contacts, and all of your stash places, and all of your trails, and alternate trails."

## Future: The next card is you **Future**. 
Lys draws the 10 of cups.  "This represents completion or even an overabundance of thinking.  You have more-or-less completed thinking about smuggling, and this is why you're asking about whether this is all there is."

## The next card is your reason behind the question.  
Lys draws the 2 of earth.  "This could mean that it's time to expand to a second territory.  Perhaps to a more distant land, or perhaps through the mysterious shimmering veil in the grove."


## Potential behind question
Lys draws the 5 of Air.  This represents an instability or crisis in what you can see.  You have a great familiarity with the lands where you grew up.  Many contacts, and the knowledge of the lay of the land.  When you expand to new territories, though, you'll be starting from scratch, with some instability in your resources.  This could represent a fear in what you cannot clearly see.